feat(docs): Independent ticketing system tutorial (#4754)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/developer/tutorials/independent-ticketing-system/package.mdx

    NFTContract ->> Blockchain: Transfer payment to seller
    NFTContract ->> Blockchain: Public transfer of TicketNFT to buyer
    NFTContract ->> NFTContract: Delete InitiateResale object

    User ->> NFTContract: burn(nft, ctx)
    NFTContract ->> NFTContract: Validate sender is NFT owner
    NFTContract ->> Blockchain: Delete NFT object

    User ->> NFTContract: whitelist_buyer(user, nft)
    NFTContract ->> NFTContract: Add user to NFT whitelist

    User ->> NFTContract: create_TicketNFT(name, creator, owner, ... , ctx)
    NFTContract ->> NFTContract: Create a new TicketNFT (Test purpose)

    User ->> NFTContract: create_TotalSeat(value, ctx)
    NFTContract ->> NFTContract: Create TotalSeat object (Test purpose)
```
## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) >= v20.18.0
- [npx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx) >= 10.8.2
- [iota](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota/releases) >= 0.7.3

## Create a Move Package

Run the following command to [create a Move package](/developer/getting-started/create-a-package):

```bash
iota move new independent_ticketing_system && cd independent_ticketing_system
```

## Package Overview

> 

Reviewer: Please add the structs, and explain them a bit, with links to the relevant abilities

Author: sure.

- [`CreatorCap`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L20-L22) will use to verify the creator of the package.
- [`EventObject`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L32-L36) - it will contain the total number of seat for the event which will update as per minting the tickets and an array of all the NFT which are minted by the creator and are available to buy. To buy tickets, the first user needs to be whitelisted.

```move reference
https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/6c6cd27bbf402dc3e1a219a2d6e5556eb968bb59/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L71-L85
```

### [`mint_ticket`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L77-L115)

- This function allows the creator to mint NFTs to their address.  

> - The creator must provide the total number of seats and the creator's object ID to mint the tickets.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The creator must provide the event object id so that things like the total number of seats can be checked. Also the creator has to own a creator capability to proof they are in fact the creator
```

Maybe something like this?

Reviewer 2: The last part could also be added to the next point which might be the nicer solution

- It updates the [`EventObject`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L32-L36) shared object by adding the NFT to its `available_tickets_to_buy` field array.

```move reference
https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L117-L123
```

### [`transfer_ticket`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L125-L135)

- This function transfers the ownership of the `nft` to the `recipient` address.  
- The creator will not receive any royalty fee when this function is called.

```move reference
https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L125-L135
```

> ### [`resale`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L137-L159)

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense to mention how to whitelist someone first? As the resale depends on it 🤔

Author: Absolutely, sure.

- This function makes the `nft` available for resale.  
- The `recipient` address must first be whitelisted for the `nft`.  
- The function creates a new object called [`InitiateResale`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L24-L30) and transfers its ownership to the `recipient` address.

> ```move reference

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense for the resale to check `nft.owner`? Do we need the owner property at all? I mean this is already checked by move. You can't pass an object you don't own 🤔 Am I missing something?

Author: We need the owner field at some places but we can remove the checks. 
Thanks for suggestion.

https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L137-L159
```

### [`buy_ticket`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L161-L199)

- This function allows the purchase of NFTs listed in the [`EventObject`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L32-L36) object.  
- The buyer must first be whitelisted.  
- The object ID of the [`EventObject`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L32-L36) object must be provided when calling the function.

> ```move reference

Reviewer 2: Why does the comment say you copy it? But afterwards you borrow? 😅 
Guess this should say `borrow instead of copy`? But I think that comment isn't needed than

Author: My bad, I think it is better to remove the comment.

https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L161-L199
```

### [`buy_resale`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L201-L221)

- This function transfers the ownership of the NFT wrapped in the [`InitiateResale`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L24-L30) object.  
- The caller's address must match the buyer address of the [`InitiateResale`](https://github.com/iota-community/independent-ticketing-system/blob/31cf42397e8dfdbfb9bd6c4e8ce07151707e76e3/independent_ticketing_system/sources/independent_ticketing_system.move#L24-L30) object.  
- A royalty fee will be transferred to the creator of the NFT by the caller of this function.

> ```move reference

Reviewer 2: Same thing here again: Why check the buyer? Isn't it already proof enough that the caller owns that specific InitiateResale object?
